Add force options to git wrapper (#12744)
backstage/backstage: .changeset/khaki-meals-hammer.md

---
'@backstage/backend-common': patch
---

> Add force push, force addRemote, and deleteRemote to git wrapper. **_All parameters added are optional_**

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- Added `force` and `remoteRef` option to `push` method in `git` actions
- Added `addRemote` and `deleteRemote` methods to `git` actions
```
